Implementing accountant fee (#61)
mysteriumnetwork/payments-smart-contracts: docs/smart-contracts.md

`registerAccountant` function (in payload 0xf4c1a1f6) is registering new accountant and requires such attributes:
 * `_accountantOperator`: address of account which will operate accountant smart contract and sign all off-chain messages on his behalf.
 * `_stakeAmount`: amount of tokens (in wei) to be staked by accountant as security deposit.

>  * `_accountantFee`: fee in subprocents (2.5% = 250) which will be charged during promise settlement (in provider channel).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `_accountantFee`: fee in fractional percentage (2.5% = 250) which will be charged during promise settlement (in provider channel).
```
